# Chapter 6

The dark lake twinkled as Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and Roscoe approached the
bank. The water was calm, rippling lightly as it lapped onto the shore. Bee
crouched down and ran sand through her fingers, gazing at the gleaming Golden
Soroban perched in the distance.

"What do you suppose we do?" Roscoe asked, picking up a flat stone and skipping
it across the water's surface. Three skips. Not bad.

Bee sighed. "I'm not sure. I need to think for a minute," she said.

Roscoe nodded, that seemed perfectly reasonable. He walked around, collecting a
handful of smooth stones, and continued to practice his throw. He got up to six
skips, his personal best, when he noticed a large swell moving toward them.
"Uhh, Bee?" he said, backing away. "I think I disturbed something in the water."

Bee saw the wave and scrambled up, clutching Roscoe's arm. "Maybe whatever it is
can help us," she said.

"Ever the optimist," Roscoe answered as the swell reached the shore, and a large
mass began to rise out of the water. It was a deep, rich blue and had scales
that sparkled as water poured down its back and into the pool. Its body was
split by a jagged dorsal fin that cascaded from its head and disappeared under
the surface of the lake. The creature emerged slowly, revealing two luminous,
bronze eyes.

Bee and Roscoe stood agape.

Roscoe found his voice first. "Umm, hello?" he stammered.

The creature slowly lifted its side fin and flapped it about in a waving motion.

Bolstered by this gesture, Bee stepped forward. "Oh, Great and Powerful Fish!"
she began with a bow. "I am Blossom Bernice Breydenblach, and this is my
assistant, Roscoe. We seek your wise guidance!"

"Assistant?" Roscoe muttered. "At least call me your sidekick."

Bee turned and glared at him. "Now is not the time," she said, then faced the
creature again. "My *friend* and I are looking for safe passage to the island.
Can you help us?"

Water continued to drip from the fish's scales, plopping into the pool. The
beast raised its head until its mouth was visible above the lake. "Well met,
humans," the fish said, its voice low and ethereal. "I am the Luck Fish. You may
ride on my back to the island. And if you are lucky, you won't slip and die."

"Fantastic!" Bee said and marched toward the fish.

Roscoe hung back, twirling his hair around his finger. "This pretty much goes
against all my life's principles," he said.

"Oh, don't be such a baby Roscoe!" Bee admonished, glancing back at the pile of
Zebulon behind them. "We have to go before the 'Zebulump' wakes up. Just grab
the fin and hold on tight."

Roscoe groaned and allowed Bee to lead him onto the fish's back. It was
slippery, especially because he was missing a shoe. The Luck Fish pulled away
from the shore and began to glide across the lake.

A few uncomfortable minutes later, they reached the island. Bee and Roscoe
hopped off of the fish's back and onto the sand. Bee gave the beast a few pats.
"Why did you help us, Luck Fish?"

The fish was silent for a moment before speaking. "It must be your lucky day,"
it said. "But be careful when your luck runs out."

"That's ominous," Roscoe murmured as the Luck Fish dipped back into the water
and swam away. "Wait a second, how are we supposed to get back?"

Bee was already advancing toward the center of the island toward the Golden
Soroban. "We'll worry about that later," she called back. Roscoe rushed after
her.

"Wait!" he cried. "Are you sure you know what you're doing? Do you actually know
what will happen when you claim the Golden Soroban?"

Bee gaped at him. "Roscoe, if we don't take it now, someone else will. And they
might not have good intentions. It is best in our hands, no matter what
happens."

"Oh, alright," Roscoe conceded. "I just don't want anything to happen to you.
You're my best friend."

Bee smiled at him. "You're my best friend too, Roscoe. We'll be okay, I
promise."

Roscoe nodded, and Bee stepped forward. She reached out both hands toward the
device, gold reflecting in her hazel eyes. She grinned and glanced back at
Roscoe before finally placing her hands on the Golden Soroban.

Time stood still for a moment, and Bee let out a relieved breath. "See, nothing
to worry–"

Suddenly, a loud WHOOSH reverberated through the room. "What in the–," Roscoe
said, glancing frantically about the cave.

"Roscoe!" Bee cried, and Roscoe turned just in time to watch Bee, holding tight
to the Golden Soroban, disappear with a pop.

Roscoe blinked. "Bee?" he said, looking around the room. She was nowhere in
sight.

Blossom Bernice Breydenblach and the Golden Soroban were gone.

Roscoe stood stunned. "I did not expect that," he murmured to himself. Bee was
gone! His best friend just vanished into thin air! She could be anywhere! She
could be in danger. Possibilities swarmed Roscoe's mind. Was she transported to
another temple? Another country? Frantic ideas bounced around in his head. Then
he paused and remembered her saying this temple was built by ancient aliens. Bee
might not even be on this planet.

Roscoe gritted his teeth. "I will find her," he declared into the emptiness. "No
matter what, I will get her back!" With newfound resolve, Roscoe prepared to
call back the Luck Fish, escape the cave, and embark upon the daring rescue of
his best friend. After a trip to the bar, of course.
